welcome to Windows 8 tutorial lesson
number 6 in this tutorial I'm going to
be showing you how to show or hide your
desktop application icons you might be
wondering well what is the benefit of
showing and hiding your application
icons on your desktop or there's two
things that I can think of right now and
I'm pretty sure you can find other uses
as well but the main ones that I can
think of is for one if you're gonna be
doing a professional business
presentation in front of a client you
probably don't want them to see all
these desktop icons so if you haven't
had a chance to clean them up you
probably want to hide them for the time
being the other opportunity I think that
you could use it for is if you have a
little one running around that tends to
touch your laptop touchpad or if you
have a desktop in your case it would be
a mousepad
so even either of those cases you want
to probably hide your desktop icons and
one you want to hide it because you
don't want your desktop icons to
mysteriously move around or disappear if
your little one has clipped on it and
drag it somewhere hit the delete button
somehow you can prevent that by hiding
your desktop icons and in the case of
the business presentation you hide it so
that your desktop looks really clean and
professional so let's go ahead and get
started the first thing that you want to
do is go ahead and right-click on your
desktop and you're gonna go to the
option that says view you're gonna look
for the option that says show desktop
icons so when you find the option that
says show desktop icons you'll see that
it has a checkbox by it and if you've
left click on it it hides your desktop
application icons away so that you don't
see them so it's a very quick way for
you to hide everything away but if you
want to bring it back you just simply
right-click on it go to the view option
and then look for show desktop icons and
left-click it so that allows you to
quickly show and hide your desktop icons
if you have any questions please shoot
me a message on YouTube if you think
this video was helpful give me thumbs up
comment subscribe and embed
share our video and I hope that you stay
tuned there future tutorials have a
great day
you